SPEC/BITSWAP.md, before:

# Bitswap API

* [bitswap.wantlist](#bitswapwantlist)
* [bitswap.unwant](#bitswapunwant)
* [bitswap.stat](#bitswapstat)

#### `bitswap.wantlist`

(not spec'ed yet)

#### `bitswap.unwant`

(not spec'ed yet)

#### `bitswap.stat`

> Adds an IPFS object to the pinset and also stores it to the IPFS repo. pinset is the set of hashes currently pinned (not gc'able).

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.bitswap.stat([callback])

`stats.bitswap` and `bitswap.stat` can be used interchangeably.

`callback` must follow `function (err, stats) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `stats` is an Object containing the following keys:

- `provideBufLen` is an integer.
- `wantlist` (array)
- `peers` (array)
- `blocksReceived` is a [Big Int][1]
- `dataReceived` is a [Big Int][1]
- `blocksSent` is a [Big Int][1]
- `dataSent` is a [Big Int][1]
- `dupBlksReceived` is a [Big Int][1]
- `dupDataReceived` is a [Big Int][1]

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.stats.bitswap((err, stats) => console.log(stats))

// { provideBufLen: 0,
//   wantlist: null,
//   peers:
//    [ 'QmSoLPppuBtQSGwKDZT2M73ULpjvfd3aZ6ha4oFGL1KrGM',
//      'QmSoLSafTMBsPKadTEgaXctDQVcqN88CNLHXMkTNwMKPnu',
//      'QmSoLer265NRgSp2LA3dPaeykiS1J6DifTC88f5uVQKNAd' ],
//   blocksReceived: 0,
//   dataReceived: 0,
//   blocksSent: 0,
//   dataSent: 0,
//   dupBlksReceived: 0,
//  dupDataReceived: 0 }
```

[1]: https://github.com/MikeMcl/big.js/

Commit message:

feat: add bitswap.unwant javascript spec

SPEC/BITSWAP.md, after:

# Bitswap API

* [bitswap.wantlist](#bitswapwantlist)
* [bitswap.unwant](#bitswapunwant)
* [bitswap.stat](#bitswapstat)

#### `unwant`

> Removes a given block from your wantlist

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.bitswap.unwant(cid)

`cid` is a [cid][cid] which can be passed as:

- CID, a CID instance
- String, the base58 encoded version of the multihash

### `bitswap.wantlist`

(not spec'ed yet)

#### `bitswap.unwant`

(not spec'ed yet)

#### `bitswap.stat`

> Adds an IPFS object to the pinset and also stores it to the IPFS repo. pinset is the set of hashes currently pinned (not gc'able).

##### `Go` **WIP**

##### `JavaScript` - ipfs.bitswap.stat([callback])

`stats.bitswap` and `bitswap.stat` can be used interchangeably.

`callback` must follow `function (err, stats) {}` signature, where `err` is an error if the operation was not successful. `stats` is an Object containing the following keys:

- `provideBufLen` is an integer.
- `wantlist` (array)
- `peers` (array)
- `blocksReceived` is a [Big Int][1]
- `dataReceived` is a [Big Int][1]
- `blocksSent` is a [Big Int][1]
- `dataSent` is a [Big Int][1]
- `dupBlksReceived` is a [Big Int][1]
- `dupDataReceived` is a [Big Int][1]

If no `callback` is passed, a promise is returned.

**Example:**

```JavaScript
ipfs.stats.bitswap((err, stats) => console.log(stats))

// { provideBufLen: 0,
//   wantlist: null,
//   peers:
//    [ 'QmSoLPppuBtQSGwKDZT2M73ULpjvfd3aZ6ha4oFGL1KrGM',
//      'QmSoLSafTMBsPKadTEgaXctDQVcqN88CNLHXMkTNwMKPnu',
//      'QmSoLer265NRgSp2LA3dPaeykiS1J6DifTC88f5uVQKNAd' ],
//   blocksReceived: 0,
//   dataReceived: 0,
//   blocksSent: 0,
//   dataSent: 0,
//   dupBlksReceived: 0,
//  dupDataReceived: 0 }
```

[1]: https://github.com/MikeMcl/big.js/
